one look at Valentino's arms and you
know something's going on you think
girls look at me go oh my god that's hot
they like look that's gross
steroids American is apple pie I was a
fat pail kid from Poughkeepsie but I
wanted to be like Hulk Hogan I wanted to
be Arnold I wanted to be Sylvester
Stallone and in the spirit of Rambo
we're gonna win this time truth is all
my heroes had a dirty little secret
Sylvester Stallone has been charged with
importing bodybuilding drugs today Hogan
admits the famous physique with the
result of 12 years of steroids I was
always against steroids and when I found
out that all my heroes used them I'd
like to say it didn't bother me but it
really did and can't imagine how my mom
would feel if she found out that both of
my brothers are on steroids right now
coaches would say you got to get bigger
you got to get strong you got to get
faster it was an intimidating home
mm-hmm I need to attain greatness I need
to do it if you had to take a drug with
the known side effects diabolic steroids
to keep your job right now and support
your family would you do it
I love steroids they'll probably be on
and off them forever the use of
performance-enhancing drugs like
steroids sends the wrong message and you
are an olympic coach did you see a lot
of steroid use going on I mean I want to
stay femme
oh my lord
boys I love it for watching it's human
nature people cheated everything why am
I the bad guy because you're on steroids
there is a clash in America between
viewing the right thing sports you
should play fair and being the best
through war you shouldn't play fair at
all and we're a Schwarzenegger and all
this one thing I learned about America
is that if you work hard I mean he is
the poster boy for steroids and if you
play by the rules
cheechee and many cheats you can achieve
anything there's something simply on
American about this
President Bush allotted 15 million
dollars for steroid education where is
that money gone um I don't know do you
know okay we don't know